styra-link: unhandled bad download URL for styra CLI causes cryptic error (#78)
StyraInc/vscode-styra: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Fixed

> - Check that downloaded CLI binary is sane instead of assuming it is. With a bad download URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check that downloaded CLI binary is an actual binary (not a 404 page) instead of assuming it is. With a bad download URL
```
